Docs for releasing from a release branch (#573)
cloudfoundry-incubator/cf-operator: docs/releasing.md

The release title will be set to this version.

The CI pipeline has a 'release' job, which will update the release on Github.
That job triggers itself, when a draft release is created.

## Create new release pipeline

We release from release-branches. Each maintained release has a separate pipeline in Concourse.
To create a new pipeline run this in the CI repository:

```
cd pipelines/cf-operator-release
./configure.sh CFO v0.4.x v0.4
```

Where `CFO` is your concourse target and `v0.4.x` is the name of the branch.
The last argument, `v0.4` is used to filter Github tags, which belong to the release.

This allows a separate Github branch and Concourse pipeline for each major version.
Within those pipelines, releases can be built from minor versions.

## Create a new release

After completion, the pipeline will create several artifacts:

* helm chart on S3
* cf-operator binary on S3
* docker image of the operator on dockerhub

Running the 'release' job will take the latest artificats, which passed through the pipeline and add them to the Github release:

* to the body
* as Github assets for downloading

> The version numbers (v0.0.0-build.SHA) of these assets are taken from the info on S3.

Reviewer: To be precise the `build` part is actually the number of commits on top of the tag. So maybe change it to 

```suggestion
The version numbers (v0.0.0-<number-of-commits>.<commit-SHA>) of these assets are taken from the info on S3.
```
to be precise?

Author: Good point, I copied that blindly from the old docs.

They have to match the Github tag, else the release job will fail.
The assets will be copied into a 'release' folder on S3.

The docker image is only referenced from the helm chart and not mentioned in the release, though.

## Checklist

> ### Mayor Release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Major Release
```
